Predicting Bank Customer Attrition
==================================

Geetesh Lokhande

**INTRODUCTION**
================

**Customer Attrition** is when a customer or a client ends their
relationship with a business. It is also known as *customer churn*,
*defection* or *turnover*. The total number of customers and revenue
lost during a given period is measured using gross attrition. In the
banking industry, among commercial banks, one of the main competitions
is for customers, especially the high-grade customers. Since, customers
are directly related to profits, banks must avoid the loss of customers
while acquiring new customers. According to Harvard Business Review, a
research done by Bain & Company shows that a business’ profits increases
by 25% to 95% if they increase the customer retention rates by 5%.
Keeping the right customers is very valuable and *customer churn rate*
is one of the key metrics in understanding if a business is retaining
customers or not.

Churn rate should be looked as an opportunity. By the time an increase
in a business’ churn rate is observed, it is already six or eight months
after the point in time a customer is lost. So, it is very important to
predict who is going to leave before it is too late and just accept it.
Banks should not just look at churn as a metric. Early predictions of
churn can help a business answer questions like "*What are we as a
business doing to cause a customer turnover?“*, *”How can we better
manage our customer relationships to make sure it does not happen?"* *or
“What are our customers doing that is contributing to their leaving?”*.
According to Qualtrics Banking Report, credit card companies, insurance
agencies, credit unions, and banks can have an attrition rate as high as
20-25%. Another important fact to be taken into consideration is that
cost of developing a new customer is 5 to 6 times than retaining an old
customer. The need of customer churn management in banks has become
inevitable due to the effect of global meltdown on economies. More
attention is paid to experience, personalized service, diversity and
agility by the customers, which factors into their decision of end their
relationship with the business.  Through this project, I will be
identifying the important factors contributing to the customer churn and
also build a prediction model to classify whether a customer is going to
churn or not.

**DATA DESCRIPTION**
====================

The bank customer dataset consists of **10,000 instances** and there are
**14 features** in it. The credit score ranges from 350 to 850 and the
bank has customers from France, Germany and Spain. The age of the
customers ranges from 18 to 92 and the minimum salary is 11.58 (which
seems to be an outlier). The bank offers the customers around 4 products
among which product 1 and product 2 seems to be doing well. Around
29.45% of the customers do not have a credit card whereas 70.55%
customers do and 48.49% of the customers seem to be inactive while
51.51% of the customers are active. The data definition is as follows:

-   RowNumber: Represents the row number.

-   CustomerID: Unique value assigned to a customer

-   Surname: Contains the surname of the customer

-   CreditScore: This contains the credit score which depicts the
    customer’s credit behavior

-   Geography: The region to which the customers belong

-   Gender: Contains information on the gender of the customer

-   Age: Age of the customer

-   Tenure: How long the customer has been with the bank

-   Balance: The balance amount available in a customer’s account

-   NumOfProducts: Number of products the customer has taken from the
    bank

-   HasCrCard: Whether the customer has a credit card or not

-   IsActiveMember: Whether the customer is an active member or an
    inactive member

-   EstimatedSalary: Salary earned by the customer

-   Exited: Whether the customer has churned or not. (This is the
    variable of interest)

**DATA PREPROCESSING**
======================

The dataset was obtained from Kaggle due to absence of open-source
confidential data. There were no missing values in the dataset. In the
real-world, data will be available in all sorts of forms. Identifying
missing values and data would be an important step in order to handle
them and build a successful model. To build a model to predict customer
churn, columns such as “RowNumber”, “CustomerID” and “Surname” were
irrelevant, so they were excluded from the dataframe. Features such as
“NumOfProducts”, “HasCrCard”, “IsActiveMember”, “Tenure” and “Exited”
are integers and were changed into categorical type. For certain
algorithms like k-Nearest Neighbors, the dataset was normalized and
stored into another dataframe.

**EXPLORATORY DATA ANALYSIS**
=============================

From the exploratory data analysis of the dataset, there are numerous
features that stand out in relation to customer churn. The distribution
of numeric variables shows age is slightly skewed to the right. The
balance appears to be normally distributed expect for the accounts
having zero balance.
![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Class Imbalance
---------------

From the bar chart showing the distribution of the response variable
‘Exited’, we can see that 20.37% o the customers have churned and 79.63%
of the customers have not churned. It can be said that almost every
5^th^ customer has churned for this dataset. The dataset is imbalanced.
Methods like undersampling and oversampling will need to be implemented
to reduce this imbalance.
![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Gender and Churn
----------------

Around 25.07% of the female customers appear to have churned whereas
only 16.45% of the male customers have churned. Churn rate is higher in
females compared to males.

Number of Products owned by customer and Churn
----------------------------------------------

Customers who have purchased more than 2 products from the bank appear
to churn.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Credit Card and Churn
---------------------

20.8% of the customers who do not have a credit card appear to churn and
around 20.18% of the customers who have a credit card appear to churn.

Region and Churn
----------------

15.86% customers from France, 39.5% customers from Germany and 16%
customers from Spain have exited. So, the churn rate is high is Germany
as compared to France and Spain.

Active Customer and Churn
-------------------------

26.85% of the inactive customers have left the bank as compared to the
14.2% of the active customers. Active customers are less likely to
churn.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Balance and Churn
-----------------

From the box plot showing the distribution of balance, it can be seen
that customers who churn, appear to have higher balance than the ones
who don’t. This is could be because other banks might be offering them
some kind of premium account for customers with high balance.

Age and Churn
-------------

From the box plot showing the distribution of age of the customers,
older customers appear to churn more than the young customers. One
reason for this could be that other banks are offering better savings
options for old age groups.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Credit Score, Salary and Churn
------------------------------

Credit score and Salary of the customers does not seem to have much
effect on a customer’s decision to exit the bank.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Correlation Matrix:
-------------------

We don’t want our features to be correlated too strongly. If the pairs
are strongly correlated it would make including such pairs redundant,
since they influence the result in similar manner. The matrix shows us
that the features don’t appear to be strongly correlated which is good.
Number of products and balance are indirectly correlated.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

**PREDICTIVE MODELING**
=======================

I created a training dataset containing a random sample of 80% of the
observations and remaining 20% observations in the validation dataset.
From EDA, it was clear that the dataset has class imbalance. To handle
this, the SMOTE function was used. The function oversamples the rare
event to synthetically create additional observations of that event. I
have also used a classification threshold of 0.5 for all models.

Logistic Regression
-------------------

Logistic regression is a statistical analysis method used to predict a
data value based pn prior observations of a dataset. Logistic Regression
model predicts a dependent variable by analyzing the relationship
between one or more existing independent variables. For the dataset,
using the glm() function, I calculated the coefficient for every
attribute. From the summary, it can be seen that the significant
features are: Geography (Germany compared to France), Gender (Male
compared to Female), Age, NumOfProducts (2 or 3 products compared to 1)
and IsActiveMember (1 - yes compared to 0 - no).

    ## 
    ## Call:
    ## glm(formula = Exited ~ ., family = binomial, data = train.df)
    ## 
    ## Deviance Residuals: 
    ##      Min        1Q    Median        3Q       Max  
    ## -2.95054  -0.82520  -0.09936   0.87344   2.88597  
    ## 
    ## Coefficients:
    ##                        Estimate     Std. Error z value             Pr(>|z|)    
    ## (Intercept)       -1.8525821247   0.2921254470  -6.342     0.00000000022719 ***
    ## CreditScore       -0.0007847229   0.0003155245  -2.487             0.012881 *  
    ## GeographyGermany   0.8483593378   0.0757975347  11.192 < 0.0000000000000002 ***
    ## GeographySpain     0.2403796152   0.0751566441   3.198             0.001382 ** 
    ## GenderMale        -0.4242694815   0.0603860349  -7.026     0.00000000000213 ***
    ## Age                0.0806742367   0.0032349052  24.939 < 0.0000000000000002 ***
    ## Tenure1           -0.3157217467   0.1553461816  -2.032             0.042116 *  
    ## Tenure2           -0.2851611203   0.1580675827  -1.804             0.071224 .  
    ## Tenure3           -0.2940784758   0.1580239561  -1.861             0.062748 .  
    ## Tenure4           -0.2806720160   0.1586120327  -1.770             0.076802 .  
    ## Tenure5           -0.5545303383   0.1596061682  -3.474             0.000512 ***
    ## Tenure6           -0.2641187716   0.1587178052  -1.664             0.096097 .  
    ## Tenure7           -0.5383882028   0.1603839145  -3.357             0.000788 ***
    ## Tenure8           -0.5884519317   0.1585573859  -3.711             0.000206 ***
    ## Tenure9           -0.5490107139   0.1601901472  -3.427             0.000610 ***
    ## Tenure10          -0.2393261142   0.1864799785  -1.283             0.199356    
    ## Balance            0.0000024178   0.0000005634   4.292     0.00001773500343 ***
    ## NumOfProducts2    -1.0292020869   0.0644089848 -15.979 < 0.0000000000000002 ***
    ## NumOfProducts3     3.1017000200   0.2440582071  12.709 < 0.0000000000000002 ***
    ## NumOfProducts4    15.9903388909 174.0427463013   0.092             0.926797    
    ## HasCrCard1        -0.5566359339   0.0630309639  -8.831 < 0.0000000000000002 ***
    ## IsActiveMember1   -0.7017587981   0.0610683825 -11.491 < 0.0000000000000002 ***
    ## EstimatedSalary    0.0000005535   0.0000005322   1.040             0.298329    
    ## ---
    ## Signif. codes:  0 '***' 0.001 '**' 0.01 '*' 0.05 '.' 0.1 ' ' 1
    ## 
    ## (Dispersion parameter for binomial family taken to be 1)
    ## 
    ##     Null deviance: 9038.6  on 6519  degrees of freedom
    ## Residual deviance: 6618.1  on 6497  degrees of freedom
    ## AIC: 6664.1
    ## 
    ## Number of Fisher Scoring iterations: 15

    ## 
    ## Interpreting Coefficients:

    ##      (Intercept)      CreditScore GeographyGermany   GeographySpain 
    ##             0.16             1.00             2.34             1.27 
    ##       GenderMale              Age          Tenure1          Tenure2 
    ##             0.65             1.08             0.73             0.75 
    ##          Tenure3          Tenure4          Tenure5          Tenure6 
    ##             0.75             0.76             0.57             0.77 
    ##          Tenure7          Tenure8          Tenure9         Tenure10 
    ##             0.58             0.56             0.58             0.79 
    ##          Balance   NumOfProducts2   NumOfProducts3   NumOfProducts4 
    ##             1.00             0.36            22.24       8800674.21 
    ##       HasCrCard1  IsActiveMember1  EstimatedSalary 
    ##             0.57             0.50             1.00

To interpret the significant model coefficients, it can be said that,
Given the customer is from Germany, the log odds of churning (versus not
churning) increases by 0.8483 or it increases by a factor of 2.34 or
134% as compared to customers from France and Spain. So, German
customers are more likely to churn. If the customer is male, the log
odds of churning changes by -0.424 or the chances of churning decreases
by a factor of 0.65 or 35% compared to female customers. If the customer
is associated with two products from the bank, the risk of the customer
churning decreases by a factor of 0.36 or 64%, that is, customers who
have two products are 64% likely to not churn. The log of odds of
churning changes by -1.029. Likewise, given the customer associated with
3 products from the bank, the risk of the customer getting churned is
increased by a factor of 22.24, that is, they are extremely likely to
churn. The log of odds of churning changes by 3.10. If the customer is
an active member of the bank, the risk of the customer getting churned
decreased by a factor of 0.50 or 50%. The log of odds of churning
changes by -0.701.

    ## Confusion Matrix for Training Dataset:

    ## Confusion Matrix and Statistics
    ## 
    ##            Reference
    ## Prediction  Churn Not Churn
    ##   Churn      2390       722
    ##   Not Churn   870      2538
    ##                                                
    ##                Accuracy : 0.7558               
    ##                  95% CI : (0.7452, 0.7662)     
    ##     No Information Rate : 0.5                  
    ##     P-Value [Acc > NIR] : < 0.00000000000000022
    ##                                                
    ##                   Kappa : 0.5117               
    ##                                                
    ##  Mcnemar's Test P-Value : 0.0002294            
    ##                                                
    ##             Sensitivity : 0.7331               
    ##             Specificity : 0.7785               
    ##          Pos Pred Value : 0.7680               
    ##          Neg Pred Value : 0.7447               
    ##              Prevalence : 0.5000               
    ##          Detection Rate : 0.3666               
    ##    Detection Prevalence : 0.4773               
    ##       Balanced Accuracy : 0.7558               
    ##                                                
    ##        'Positive' Class : Churn                
    ## 

    ## Confusion Matrix for Validation Dataset:

    ## Confusion Matrix and Statistics
    ## 
    ##            Reference
    ## Prediction  Churn Not Churn
    ##   Churn       283       333
    ##   Not Churn   124      1259
    ##                                              
    ##                Accuracy : 0.7714             
    ##                  95% CI : (0.7523, 0.7896)   
    ##     No Information Rate : 0.7964             
    ##     P-Value [Acc > NIR] : 0.9972             
    ##                                              
    ##                   Kappa : 0.4082             
    ##                                              
    ##  Mcnemar's Test P-Value : <0.0000000000000002
    ##                                              
    ##             Sensitivity : 0.6953             
    ##             Specificity : 0.7908             
    ##          Pos Pred Value : 0.4594             
    ##          Neg Pred Value : 0.9103             
    ##              Prevalence : 0.2036             
    ##          Detection Rate : 0.1416             
    ##    Detection Prevalence : 0.3082             
    ##       Balanced Accuracy : 0.7431             
    ##                                              
    ##        'Positive' Class : Churn              
    ## 

For training dataset, I obtained an accuracy of 75.58% and for
validation dataset, the accuracy is 77.14%. The AUC for the logistic
regression model was found to be 0.8325

Gain Chart:
![](data:image/png;base64,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)

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

    ## Area under the curve: 0.8326

Decision Trees
--------------

Decision Trees are useful supervised machine learning algorithms which
can perform both regression and classification tasks. Decision trees are
characterized by nodes and branches where the tests on each attribute
are represented at the nodes and the outcome of this procedure is
represented at the branches while the class labels are represented at
the leaf nodes. Using complexity parameter as 0.003 with maximum depth
of 5 and minimum split of 1, the following decision tree was generated.
![](data:image/png;base64,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)
From the decision tree, it can be inferred that there are chances of
customers churning if their age is \>= 40 and they own three or more
products. From Node 13, it can be said that if the customer’s age is
between 37 and 40, and they are from Germany who have only one product,
then their chances of churning are high.

    ## Confusion Matrix for Training Dataset:

    ## Confusion Matrix and Statistics
    ## 
    ##           Reference
    ## Prediction    0    1
    ##          0 2631  801
    ##          1  629 2459
    ##                                                
    ##                Accuracy : 0.7807               
    ##                  95% CI : (0.7704, 0.7907)     
    ##     No Information Rate : 0.5                  
    ##     P-Value [Acc > NIR] : < 0.00000000000000022
    ##                                                
    ##                   Kappa : 0.5613               
    ##                                                
    ##  Mcnemar's Test P-Value : 0.000006127          
    ##                                                
    ##             Sensitivity : 0.7543               
    ##             Specificity : 0.8071               
    ##          Pos Pred Value : 0.7963               
    ##          Neg Pred Value : 0.7666               
    ##              Prevalence : 0.5000               
    ##          Detection Rate : 0.3771               
    ##    Detection Prevalence : 0.4736               
    ##       Balanced Accuracy : 0.7807               
    ##                                                
    ##        'Positive' Class : 1                    
    ## 

    ## Confusion Matrix for Validation Dataset:

    ## Confusion Matrix and Statistics
    ## 
    ##            Reference
    ## Prediction  Churn Not Churn
    ##   Churn       274       313
    ##   Not Churn   133      1279
    ##                                              
    ##                Accuracy : 0.7769             
    ##                  95% CI : (0.758, 0.795)     
    ##     No Information Rate : 0.7964             
    ##     P-Value [Acc > NIR] : 0.9852             
    ##                                              
    ##                   Kappa : 0.4092             
    ##                                              
    ##  Mcnemar's Test P-Value : <0.0000000000000002
    ##                                              
    ##             Sensitivity : 0.6732             
    ##             Specificity : 0.8034             
    ##          Pos Pred Value : 0.4668             
    ##          Neg Pred Value : 0.9058             
    ##              Prevalence : 0.2036             
    ##          Detection Rate : 0.1371             
    ##    Detection Prevalence : 0.2936             
    ##       Balanced Accuracy : 0.7383             
    ##                                              
    ##        'Positive' Class : Churn              
    ## 

For training dataset, I obtained an accuracy of 78.07% and for
validation dataset, the accuracy is 77.69%. The AUC for the logistic
regression model was found to be 0.7979

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

    ## Area under the curve: 0.7979

Random Forest
-------------

Random Forest is a very powerful ensemble machine learning algorithm
which works by creating multiple decision trees and then combines the
output generated by each of the decision trees. To select an optimal
model kappa was used with the largest value using the grid search
definition. So, the final value for the model was mtry = 8. The
Out-of-bag error estimate that is the cases which were not used while
building the tree is 15.81% for the random forest model.

    ## 
    ## Call:
    ##  randomForest(formula = Exited ~ ., data = train.df, mtry = 8,      importance = TRUE) 
    ##                Type of random forest: classification
    ##                      Number of trees: 500
    ## No. of variables tried at each split: 8
    ## 
    ##         OOB estimate of  error rate: 15.81%
    ## Confusion matrix:
    ##      0    1 class.error
    ## 0 2786  474   0.1453988
    ## 1  557 2703   0.1708589

    ##                 MeanDecreaseAccuracy
    ## CreditScore                 58.03191
    ## Geography                   69.79246
    ## Gender                      28.36955
    ## Age                        245.59858
    ## Tenure                      80.27418
    ## Balance                    155.79673
    ## NumOfProducts              206.19209
    ## HasCrCard                   34.88415
    ## IsActiveMember              64.74622
    ## EstimatedSalary             62.76371

From the random forest model, we can infer that the important factors in
deciding whether a customer churns or not are Age, NumOfProducts,
Balance, Tenure, Geography and IsActiveMember.

    ## Confusion Matrix for Validation Dataset:

    ## Confusion Matrix and Statistics
    ## 
    ##            Reference
    ## Prediction  Churn Not Churn
    ##   Churn       306       368
    ##   Not Churn   101      1224
    ##                                              
    ##                Accuracy : 0.7654             
    ##                  95% CI : (0.7462, 0.7838)   
    ##     No Information Rate : 0.7964             
    ##     P-Value [Acc > NIR] : 0.9997             
    ##                                              
    ##                   Kappa : 0.4185             
    ##                                              
    ##  Mcnemar's Test P-Value : <0.0000000000000002
    ##                                              
    ##             Sensitivity : 0.7518             
    ##             Specificity : 0.7688             
    ##          Pos Pred Value : 0.4540             
    ##          Neg Pred Value : 0.9238             
    ##              Prevalence : 0.2036             
    ##          Detection Rate : 0.1531             
    ##    Detection Prevalence : 0.3372             
    ##       Balanced Accuracy : 0.7603             
    ##                                              
    ##        'Positive' Class : Churn              
    ## 

The accuracy of the random forest model was found to be 76.54% for the
validation dataset. The accuracy is little lower as compared to the
accuracy obtained from Decision Tree (77.69%). But, there is a great
improvement in the AUC as the AUC for Random Forest Model is 0.838 as
compared to only 0.7979 of the Decision Tree. The recall or the
sensitivity for the Random forest model (0.751) is also better than
Decision tree (0.673).
![](data:image/png;base64,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)

    ## Area under the curve: 0.838

Support Vector Machines
-----------------------

Support Vector Machine is a supervised learning model in which
classification is performed by finding the hyperplane that best
differentiates two classes. The objective is to find a hyperplane that
that the maximum margin or the maximum distance between the data points
of classes. SVMs can take any shape like linear, radial, polynomial,
among others and are flexible enough to be used in almost any
classification endeavor. For our model, I have created a support vector
machine with radial kernel with a cost of 20.

    ## 
    ## Call:
    ## svm(formula = Exited ~ ., data = train.df, kernel = "radial", cost = 20, 
    ##     probability = TRUE)
    ## 
    ## 
    ## Parameters:
    ##    SVM-Type:  C-classification 
    ##  SVM-Kernel:  radial 
    ##        cost:  20 
    ## 
    ## Number of Support Vectors:  3262
    ## 
    ##  ( 1660 1602 )
    ## 
    ## 
    ## Number of Classes:  2 
    ## 
    ## Levels: 
    ##  0 1

The number of support vectors created were 3262 out of which 1660
belonged to level 0 (Not Churned) and 1602 belonged to level 1
(churned).

    ## Confusion Matrix for Training Dataset:

    ## Confusion Matrix and Statistics
    ## 
    ##           Reference
    ## Prediction    0    1
    ##          0 2751  614
    ##          1  509 2646
    ##                                                
    ##                Accuracy : 0.8278               
    ##                  95% CI : (0.8184, 0.8369)     
    ##     No Information Rate : 0.5                  
    ##     P-Value [Acc > NIR] : < 0.00000000000000022
    ##                                                
    ##                   Kappa : 0.6555               
    ##                                                
    ##  Mcnemar's Test P-Value : 0.001913             
    ##                                                
    ##             Sensitivity : 0.8117               
    ##             Specificity : 0.8439               
    ##          Pos Pred Value : 0.8387               
    ##          Neg Pred Value : 0.8175               
    ##              Prevalence : 0.5000               
    ##          Detection Rate : 0.4058               
    ##    Detection Prevalence : 0.4839               
    ##       Balanced Accuracy : 0.8278               
    ##                                                
    ##        'Positive' Class : 1                    
    ## 

    ## Confusion Matrix for Validation Dataset:

    ## Confusion Matrix and Statistics
    ## 
    ##           Reference
    ## Prediction    0    1
    ##          0 1260  110
    ##          1  332  297
    ##                                              
    ##                Accuracy : 0.7789             
    ##                  95% CI : (0.76, 0.7969)     
    ##     No Information Rate : 0.7964             
    ##     P-Value [Acc > NIR] : 0.9748             
    ##                                              
    ##                   Kappa : 0.4332             
    ##                                              
    ##  Mcnemar's Test P-Value : <0.0000000000000002
    ##                                              
    ##             Sensitivity : 0.7297             
    ##             Specificity : 0.7915             
    ##          Pos Pred Value : 0.4722             
    ##          Neg Pred Value : 0.9197             
    ##              Prevalence : 0.2036             
    ##          Detection Rate : 0.1486             
    ##    Detection Prevalence : 0.3147             
    ##       Balanced Accuracy : 0.7606             
    ##                                              
    ##        'Positive' Class : 1                  
    ## 

Accuracy of 82.78% was obtained for the training dataset. We can
classify 297 out of 407 “Churned” cases correctly and 1260 out of 1592
“Not Churned” cases correctly. This means the ability of SVM to predict
“Churned” cases is about 72.97%  and “Not Churned” cases is about 79.15%
resulting in overall accuracy of 77.89%. The AUC for SVM is 0.8395.
![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAqAAAAHgCAMAAABNUi8GAAABEVBMVEUAAAAAADoAAGYAOjoAOmYAOpAAZpAAZrY6AAA6ADo6AGY6OgA6OmY6ZmY6ZpA6ZrY6kNtNTU1NTW5NTY5NbqtNjshmAABmADpmOgBmOjpmZjpmkJBmkLZmtttmtv9uTU1uTW5uTY5ubqtuq+SOTU2OTW6OTY6OyP+QOgCQZgCQZjqQkDqQtpCQtraQttuQ27aQ29uQ2/+rbk2rbm6rbo6ryKur5P+2ZgC2Zjq2kDq2kGa225C22/+2/9u2///Ijk3I///bkDrbkGbbkJDbtmbbtpDb25Db27bb29vb2//b/7bb/9vb///kq27k///r6+v/tmb/yI7/25D/27b/29v/5Kv//7b//8j//9v//+T///+BKkaHAAAACXBIWXMAAA7DAAAOwwHHb6hkAAAXYUlEQVR4nO2diXrb2GFGIU9VaZJ0RrRlJ2kbZWzZlpqmiz0TcdqkltgmbZNaCqWJJArv/yDFBcBN4nJX4gdx/s+2KBo8AC4O7wYQzHJChJM1vQGErAqCEukgKJEOghLpICiRDoIS6SAokQ6CEun4CzrIqvzkd+Wvo3//cZZ98fef85nffjFd+vss2/u8kDN54d2r3WqJ0emzT/2f/HP9/3/4+YH3NpLWJ1zQ7Nmn4rcfflb98lelrjf71W9fjxceFr/sLcSMTqtFCzkH2VH51N2rvbyf7XzIaxSCdjgBgpZi5qPvjUCFZl8Vav7wKyNaYVj29R/z/L9/VhtnBD1aghlmu+aFp8UCN/t7k4X7Oz+uvBx8sY+gHU6woIWNB6Y6rS0qH4x/u9mvG+1+VdGaatZUsaPTvUH2rOoaDKqa0tSaeb9Cmh/9Z/9YvnZ0+ncI2uUEC/qXfmGj6TVWz5qO5PS3/62XrQQdlg1/IeTo9Iv9rHZ3ONOCV49rV3/7pTH35ke/RdAuJ04ftHSqSlH9zfw2jmm1i27AL8zLjMEzVn6f7fzNP/2xfDg6NdaW3YH+s/84Ncv0924QtMsJFnTn68+5naB1F7O/82FaxZr8z6+KmnWnHPGX7f3AWFpg+rtmZH+EoJ1OYBP/+/2vTEttKWg5UBoaQXfnp5xGf/h53bqb7sJBhSkWzIfPPiFopxPaBx2WfcllfdD//KoaCa0TdNy6Gy9vyr5n6flB0cLnCNrpBA+S+mXVt3gUf/dqbOrjJn4i6GR2vhrBFxIPxqaagdL+EYJ2O8GCVhIumwcdu/V4kDStQfvlC0e/369nlf76H8rXGEGHO39b/IugnU74POigPEV0t/BM0qQvWo7MZ6aZpoIWMmf109WC1YN+OTdgAAja6YQLOjotzxLNn4v/wYzMZ87FV2eSbiYT9TN90PKFO+PO6rjJL1v8vnkVgnY6XM1EpIOgRDoISqSDoEQ6CEqkg6BEOghKpIOgRDoISqSDoEQ6SQT9MxAgkSgICqQxCIICkYYgKBBpCIICkYYgKBBpCIICkYYgKBBpCIICkYYgKBBpCIICkYYgKBBpCIICkYYgKBBpCIICkYYEC3r7+qL8ef+2d3g1+RFlvUCABAt63XtRCvrw8SS/fDn+EWe9QICECnr+/DdVDXr//sJUpvWPOOsFAiRaE3/75iq/f3dW/xizCfFPdUvDFQu4CHp9WJpZ/1gvvdB7FIgaZPzVG7YU7xp0VbagHIGkgEzMtKfYCEofFIgDJFsR902xEfTh43E1ij9mFA9kIWSVhWGbslZQ85d5UCCPIaurxnibwpkkIM4JUHI+CApkJWRVd3F1V1JjHjTheoE0AlkzaNnglthSELQLkDkjdXYHQbsLWVFT6uwOgnYXsuK46uwOgnYLYtm71NkdBO0GxHHIo7M7CNoJiOtYXGd3ELQLEOe5Ip3dQdAOQNznMnV2B0G3HuIz166zOwi6NZAVJx03vCUxIQi6NZAsBiRXgyBo2yGPa8qW744PBUGVIR5XoK+PDgRBWw1Z0MVs8+54UhBUFbJoANTi3fGlIKgQZO0AvV27E4WCoAIQ60mjduxOVAqCNg1xmc1swe7EpiBoUxCfuXbh3UlFQdCGIC0/CYSgWwsJ+bya4O6kpiDoRiFBn6TU250NUBB0k5DQ2x2I7c4mKAi6QUjw7Ti0dmcjFATdFCSwdY+4JTIQBG0SEuPSzThbIgtB0MYgT4Vs9e4kgiBoI5DF1WVrdychBEEbgCxry1u6O0khCLp5yNKuZjt3Jy0EQRsQNAZkabYMgqAbhqwaq7dwd5JDEHRDEJuZpBbtzsYgCJoa4jDF2Ybd2TQEQZMLGgPikC2DICiCSkMQNA3E6/Sl7u40B0kq6Ma+F1ctK7+jl8RKsKAr5d1eiPdFH5q70yyEJj4yJOSaJMHdaRyCoPEgwVfMae2OBgRBY0G41jgJBEEjQWJcbCy0OzIQBI0C4WL4VBAEjQAp9BTZku2DIGggpB4YCWzJdkIQ1B+yxTfe1oEgqDdkrtvZ/t0RhSCoO2TRSfYW7442BEFdIZ24r7EOBEFdIMtPFbVyd9oAQVB7yKrJzhbuTjsgCOogaAzIqgDxoyBovvYqpbbtTmsgCGoBsbhKqU270yoIgq6H2Jxnb9HutAuCoOsgfGK4UQiCroFYXqbUlt1pHQRBl0KcPpSpvzsthSDockFjQJwCxI/SSUEdL0FW353WQhB0EcT9w2/Su9NmCIIugHh8fkN5d1oNQdAnEK/PF+nuTsshCDoH4Rsy1SAIOoVwUxBBCIJOINwURBGCoFNBY0CCAsSPgqD2kKAA8aMgqD0kKED8KJ0QNPDmNWq7szUQBK0gofdWEtud7YEgaPUt7aH7KLQ72wVBUG5MJw3pvKDcmE4b0m1By7ZdYkuABFC2VdC6cRfYEiBBlK0VNAYkB5IUgqAKWwIkiLKlgnLv2TZAAgW9f9s7vDIPLnsmJ+XPFxdx1psWMpldanxLgARSlgv68LFQ8uX4t+vC1fOTeOtNCZmZ/dQ5GED8KMsFvX9/kd++rivM+3dn+cO3Z/HWmxIys086BwOIH2W5oLdvrkovy5iqtGjyTUM/ZovGTH82vQ0kPOsFNY36WNDy5+03trVoY+/RJyfedWoLIH4Uuxr0uhotFbHqhzYnaAzIkwBJBInXBz0/Hj+LoECiQUJH8cfjUXzVsJtq9OE76WkmBG0VJMo8qKlE65b+std7bjWQb6gIFlxcp3MwgPhRtuhM0qJrP3UOBhA/ypYIuuzCeZ2DAcSPsi2CxoAsC5BEEAQVOhhA/CjbIejSjx7pHAwgfpStEHT5R+N0DgYQP8p2CBoDsjxAEkEQVOhgAPGjIOj6AEkE6YqgfJN2SyEdEXTV3UN0DgYQP8o2CBoDsipAEkG6IShf9d5aSEcEjQFZGSCJIJ0QdPX963QOBhA/SvsFjQFZHSCJIF0QdM0NQHUOBhA/SrsFXXuDWp2DAcSP0nJBY0DWBkgiCIIKHQwgfhQEXR8giSBbLWhm9f0dOgcDiB+lrYJafn2HzsEA4kdpraAxIJYBkgiyxYLafv+RzsEA4kdpq6AxILYBkgiCoEIHA4gfZf5ID7LsaLD7eQPrDYE4fP2mzsEA4keZO9L93T+9Ohqd7m1gvSEQh1pf52AA8aPMHuy7V0fFn3z47FP69fpDnL4gVudgAPGjtFDQGBCnAEkEcW7iB6aJv3t1sIH1ekJcv/1d52AA8aPMH+6hESDYz3RF4Pz17zoHA4gfpUXTTK61Z7otAdJYH9T80OyDetiZaEuAxIJsl6AxIH4BkgjiJuggG0dvHtSndU+zJUAiQjxr0I2s1xpid93nJrYESGzIVgySwjZQ52AA8aPMHf+b/bK6UuqD+leesbcESHSIq6Cj04PR6ZFlQ7+hL73lm4s7mkWCGjX7B/kw+HKmaO/RgN5n5C0BkgDiM0ga7AlNM4XqqXQwgPhR5i+3K+0MvyA0UhGE+yl0MID4UeYcKDqheT/b+bCB9a5J2ORSzC0Bkg7S3mkm46ZOOQJJBPEV9L8a74NmMSA5EHGIo6D96iTn3aumB0lV465TjkASQRzPxT/7ZPqgwywLPuEZtvV131OnHIEkgjgJauTMh7v/loV/qDNs68djI51yBJII4iRoeQLpZj/C9fShgsaAjANEGeIjaAw/ERRINMojQb8MngO1XO/yIGhnIG0UdDo9r1OOQBJBWiloDMg0QJQhjoJOPvLR4DxohqAdgrTwVOfM5uiUI5BEkNYJOnd9iE45AkkEaZ+gMSBzAaIMaZugGYJ2C9I6QWNA5gNEGYKgQKQh7oI2ewtwBO0YxFnQZm8BniFoxyCugjZ8h+VHvQ2dcgSSCIKgQKQhzk18k7cAf/IhTp1yBJII4j5IavAW4E+mE3TKEUgiSKummRC0exAEBSINcR8kRfnAB4ICiUeZHyRlET5zbLfeJ9uBoN2D+DTx/ayJezMtug+TTjkCSQTx7IP2Nz8PuqgnrFOOQBJBPGvQYD8RFEg0yvy5+Bjtu916Zzdh8Y0WdcoRSCKIx6nOKKt12/pltwHVKUcgiSBtmAddfptanXIEkgjiJGh5pcjmP3a8/A2iU45AEkFaUYPGgCwPEGWIZx90o5fbIWiHIQgKRBriJmgz33aMoB2GBE4z3b/tHV6Vjy57vd6Li5knwtdbr33FV83olCOQRJCwQdLDx5P88mX58Pzk0RPh661WvmqIplOOQBJBwqaZ7t9f5LevL4pHD9+ezT8RYb3luldOIeiUI5BEkLAa9PbNVX7/zqhZNO293snMEyU7PHyTMVma9YJeH459vP3mzNSi0ycivDFWr9sBsjpAlCHONWjVzNezTPMVZtEPffRE2HqfrNsXsjpAlCHuVzPtma/zGlTTTI+6nOcn8fugMSCrA0QZ4jHNZO57U0/UP3w8rgftpm1/+O5i+kSE9eZrvw1epxyBJIJ4CGo+Nzc+k1RNe5o687LXe36Wx54HXXMZgE45AkkEcRV0dHow3PlgGvr0611bgQqVI5BEEOc+6M1+tpf3N3T7xXXXUemUI5BEEO3L7RC08xBpQde18ELlCCQRxF3QweZuHrb2naFTjkASQZwFHZjx+2Zuv7i2AhUqRyCJIJ6X223iguX1fgqVI5BEEFlBV10Gag2JsiVAmoSoNvE2eiqVI5BEENVBkt3MgU45AkkEUZ1mQlAg1hQEBdIYxFHQKDe2s1ivXRdUqByBJIK4CWrOwQ/iGLpyvZZ+CpUjkEQQJ0FHp0f1P4nXa9up0ClHIIkgToKWk6Cj0yhfo7BqvbYVqFA5AkkE0RN0yb1q3SBRtgSIAEROUHs7V0CibAkQBYieoDEgTgGiDHEUdHLzsGTn4hEUiCtlkxP1Ti28UDkCSQSREzQGxC1AlCEICkQagqBApCEICkQaIiao2xhJqByBJIK4CzrIsqNBqhs3OL4XdMoRSCKIs6D93T9V9w9Lsl4EBeJOeXLzsKNkH5pDUCDuFAQF0hjEuYkfmCY+2ac6ERSIO2XemmHCT3U6DuKFyhFIIojWNJPrmnTKEUgiCIICkYa4D5JSXm6HoEA8KE+1ufvphyTrRVAgHpQF2gyDTyUhKJBYlEWC0sQD2QjEU9Dwb1FAUCCxKAsGSTtWfVDXLwfN+OpY4pBFgkbLgjeG6zS90hsdSCKIaw0a6cY3iwWNAXEPEGWIx8UiUVaLoECiUR5dLBJ8rfKS9bq38ELlCCQRROhMkkdXV6ccgSSCCJ2LR1AgfpT5ezNFCoICiUVBUCCNQXQE9RgjCZUjkEQQIUFjQHwCRBniKGjC2y8iKBBPCjUokMYgMoL6dEGFyhFIIoiOoDEgXgGiDEFQINIQlTNJXi28UDkCSQSRETQGxC9AlCEICkQagqBApCEICkQaIiKo3xhJqByBJIKoCBoD4hkgyhANQT0rUKFyBJIIIiJoDIhvgChDEBSINARBgUhDEBSINARBgUhDJAT1HcQLlSOQRBAFQb39FCpHIIkgEoLGgPgHiDJEQFD/ClSoHIEkgigIGgMSECDKEAQFIg1BUCDSEAQFIg1BUCDSEAQFIg1pXtCAWSahcgSSCNK4oCF+CpUjkESQ5gWNAQkKEGUIggKRhgQKev+2d3hVPrr9Za93kueXvV7vxYXDehEUSChluUMPH0/yy5fm0f27s/z2m7P8/MRxvQgKJJSy3KH79xf57WtTYV4bTc9PHr49c1wvggIJpSx36PbNVVl3VikeFU1+2dLXbIvwBcfEN+sFvT6cEfTh43HZytvVotSgQGJR7GrQ+7fH9bNW/VAEBRKLYtMHLUbxEy1dBA2apxcqRyCJIKGj+ON6FF/7adr8h+/sp5nC/BQqRyCJIFHmQYtK1Mx/muFR8fO51UD+z+vQ9pDAAFGGNHwmCUGBhFMQFEhjEAQFIg1BUCDSEAQFIg1BUCDSkGYFDZwGFSpHIIkgDQsaAxIaIMoQBAUiDUFQINIQBAUiDUFQINIQBAUiDUFQINIQBAUiDWlU0NB5eqFyBJII0qygMSDBAaIMQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINaVLQ4BNJQuUIJBGkUUFjQMIDRBmCoECkIQgKRBqCoECkIQgKRBqCoECkIQgKRBqCoECkIQgKRBqCoECkIQgKRBqCoECkIQgKRBqCoECkIUkFXfNltXzRMQlKsKAr5Y1wOajQGx1IIkiDTXwErE45AkkEQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINaU7QCIN4oXIEkgjSoKAxIBEYQKQhCApEGoKgQKQhCApEGoKgQKQhCApEGtKYoDFmmYTKEUgiSHOCxoDolCOQRBAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINQVAg0hAEBSINCRT0/m3v8Gr20fQJf6h9dMoRSCJImKAPH0/yy5czj6ZP+EMdolOOQBJBwgS9f3+R376+mD6aPuEPdYhOOQJJBAkT9PbNVX7/7mz6aPpEySYkYdYLen049rF+NH0iwhsDCJC0NWjgeoEAaa4PqlMEQJQhoaP448ko/rgaxR9bjuJ1igCIMiTKPKipM13nQXWKAIgypLEzSTpFAEQZgqBApCEICkQagqBApCEICkQagqBApCEICkQagqBApCEICkQagqBApCEICkQagqBApCGNCUpIrCAokQ6CEukgKJEOghLpICiRDoIS6SAokQ6CEunEE9T/ZnixM13x7S97vZM8v+z1ei9sPtCfbkvqTWi+TMyGmEJprEyKjO+uYCNKNEEDboYXOdMVm/ug3H5zlp+fNLAZc1tSb4JAmZiYmxg1VSZm9fU7w0qUaIIG3IgkcqYrvja7fX7y8K3N/XqSbkm9CQJlklfv28bKpDggz39TbYmVKNEEDbiVU+TMr7h4VDQhZUvf4JbUm6BRJqa6aqxMyq2pdLQSJZqgATfDi5y5FZv79ZhWvpEaY7ol9SZIlEn5s7EyMakFtRJly2vQ+7fH9bNN9LkeFcH5iUSZXE9GJE31QxupQRX7oMUofnIImjgYj4rg/EShTPLz8Xu2aUE32wcNuBle5ExXXPtpqoyH7xrQYrol9SYIlEndsDdWJia1jlaixJ4H9bkZXuxMtmRmzu95I92taZnUm9B8mYxb08bKJK8EtRWFM0lEOghKpIOgRDoISqSDoEQ6CEqkg6C2GZ1mZY7GT9x8+WHFcjtP/9O84IffLXndGH8w81yxcOeDoLYZnR7MP7FU0HK5wbNPC/5zyWumL7vZP7JYuENBUNs4Cnr36mjBf64VNO/vWSzcoSCobaaC3uyXTbHxp3x4VDXQdZU5I6h5dm/8gqPiBb8uHhzcfPmv5SJFHfv0ZaWg1QrMvwez5E4GQW0zEbSsGwu7CkHLOq5olUenhVaD3c8zy/WNfnu5+Tteqn5B8dcsWiy34GXDQuSZFeSzi3QyCGqbehRzkP/F2FLJdvOjqm4bmjqubtTr5YpnymeLf8ZLTQWtfyx4mamOZ1YwR+5kENQ2M33QYTlKN/70qzZ8MDMCny43NBXfzFJTM80yRbX45GU3+wePVjB4OrbvVhDUNjNN/M6kGjS/FZXlbBu8QNB6qamgxX/9X+Xoo5eZFn5uBV1u3csgqG0m4pXeDXc+jAfZRQM8nJn1nBHUPDusRzjFUjOC3v3010W7v+BlfdM1mFnBcMF8aqeCoLaZCmrqt/3Sn9K+sskunKpdmgo6HiSNlyr+mN5kKXbfNPoLXnazvzdZQTURMF2kk0FQ20zFK7qUO/9SVoh1Z7Ea4tQWzfRVx9NM9VJVd3SvFLRsyxe9bFD0N+sVlBbPLNLJICiRDoIS6SAokQ6CEukgKJEOghLpICiRDoIS6SAokQ6CEun8P9nr4dMXf1zzAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

    ## Area under the curve: 0.8395

eXtreme Gradient Boosting (XGB)
-------------------------------

XGBoost (eXtreme Gradient Boosting) algorithm is used for supervised
learning tasks. It is similar to gradient boosting framework but more
efficient. It belongs to a family of boosting algorithms that convert
weak learners to strong learners. Trees are grown using the information
from a previously grown tree one after the other, so boosting is a
sequential process. This improves predictions in subsequent iterations.
Misclassification rate is also reduced in subsequent iterations. XGBoost
works only with numeric vectors. The maximum depth was chosen as 6 (the
tree won’t be deep as our case is simple), gamma was 0.01 and the
learning parameter ‘eta’ was chosen as 0.5 after tuning the model. The
learning parameter controls how much information from a new tree will be
used in the Boosting whereas the gamma parameter controls the minimum
reduction required to grow a new node in a tree.

    ## eXtreme Gradient Boosting 
    ## 
    ## 6520 samples
    ##   10 predictor
    ##    2 classes: '0', '1' 
    ## 
    ## No pre-processing
    ## Resampling: Cross-Validated (10 fold) 
    ## Summary of sample sizes: 5868, 5868, 5868, 5868, 5868, 5868, ... 
    ## Resampling results:
    ## 
    ##   Accuracy   Kappa    
    ##   0.7826687  0.5653374
    ## 
    ## Tuning parameter 'nrounds' was held constant at a value of 1
    ## Tuning
    ##  held constant at a value of 1
    ## Tuning parameter 'subsample' was held
    ##  constant at a value of 1

    ## Confusion Matrix for Training Dataset:

    ## Confusion Matrix and Statistics
    ## 
    ##            Reference
    ## Prediction  Churn Not Churn
    ##   Churn      2421       475
    ##   Not Churn   839      2785
    ##                                                
    ##                Accuracy : 0.7985               
    ##                  95% CI : (0.7885, 0.8081)     
    ##     No Information Rate : 0.5                  
    ##     P-Value [Acc > NIR] : < 0.00000000000000022
    ##                                                
    ##                   Kappa : 0.5969               
    ##                                                
    ##  Mcnemar's Test P-Value : < 0.00000000000000022
    ##                                                
    ##             Sensitivity : 0.7426               
    ##             Specificity : 0.8543               
    ##          Pos Pred Value : 0.8360               
    ##          Neg Pred Value : 0.7685               
    ##              Prevalence : 0.5000               
    ##          Detection Rate : 0.3713               
    ##    Detection Prevalence : 0.4442               
    ##       Balanced Accuracy : 0.7985               
    ##                                                
    ##        'Positive' Class : Churn                
    ## 

    ## Confusion Matrix for Validation Dataset:

    ## Confusion Matrix and Statistics
    ## 
    ##            Reference
    ## Prediction  Churn Not Churn
    ##   Churn       257       251
    ##   Not Churn   150      1341
    ##                                           
    ##                Accuracy : 0.7994          
    ##                  95% CI : (0.7812, 0.8168)
    ##     No Information Rate : 0.7964          
    ##     P-Value [Acc > NIR] : 0.3819          
    ##                                           
    ##                   Kappa : 0.4337          
    ##                                           
    ##  Mcnemar's Test P-Value : 0.0000005921    
    ##                                           
    ##             Sensitivity : 0.6314          
    ##             Specificity : 0.8423          
    ##          Pos Pred Value : 0.5059          
    ##          Neg Pred Value : 0.8994          
    ##              Prevalence : 0.2036          
    ##          Detection Rate : 0.1286          
    ##    Detection Prevalence : 0.2541          
    ##       Balanced Accuracy : 0.7369          
    ##                                           
    ##        'Positive' Class : Churn           
    ## 

The accuracy obtained from the model is the highest at 79.93% for the
validation dataset and it is 79.85 for the training dataset. We can
classify 257 out of 407 “Churned” cases correctly and 1341 out of 1592
“Not Churned” cases correctly. This means the ability of XGB to predict
“Churned” cases is about 63.14%  and “Not Churned” cases is about 84.3%
resulting in overall accuracy of 79.94%. The AUC for XGB model is
0.8249.
![](data:image/png;base64,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)

    ## Area under the curve: 0.8249

Naïve Bayes
-----------

Naïve Bayes is a supervised machine learning algorithm that uses a
probabilistic approach. Since the predictors aren’t always independent
of each other, there are always some correlations between them. Naïve
Bayes considers each predictor to be independent of each other. Naïve
Bayes classifiers can perform well even with high-dimensional data
points or large number of data points. The model creates conditional
probability for each feature separately and we also get a-priori
probabilities which indicate the distribution of the data. The a-priori
probabilities and the conditional probabilities of Churn in the Bank
dataset is as follows:

    ## 
    ## Naive Bayes Classifier for Discrete Predictors
    ## 
    ## Call:
    ## naiveBayes.default(x = X, y = Y, laplace = laplace)
    ## 
    ## A-priori probabilities:
    ## Y
    ##   0   1 
    ## 0.5 0.5 
    ## 
    ## Conditional probabilities:
    ##    CreditScore
    ## Y       [,1]     [,2]
    ##   0 656.9896 95.85683
    ##   1 649.7117 94.68906
    ## 
    ##    Geography
    ## Y      France   Germany     Spain
    ##   0 0.5319018 0.2180982 0.2500000
    ##   1 0.3895706 0.3815951 0.2288344
    ## 
    ##    Gender
    ## Y      Female      Male
    ##   0 0.4423313 0.5576687
    ##   1 0.5266871 0.4733129
    ## 
    ##    Age
    ## Y       [,1]      [,2]
    ##   0 37.27454 10.310629
    ##   1 44.81025  8.970812
    ## 
    ##    Tenure
    ## Y            0          1          2          3          4          5
    ##   0 0.04631902 0.10368098 0.10092025 0.09570552 0.09662577 0.10245399
    ##   1 0.05490798 0.11503067 0.09969325 0.11533742 0.09509202 0.09601227
    ##    Tenure
    ## Y            6          7          8          9         10
    ##   0 0.08957055 0.10889571 0.10705521 0.10398773 0.04478528
    ##   1 0.09907975 0.08558282 0.09570552 0.09079755 0.05276074
    ## 
    ##    Balance
    ## Y       [,1]     [,2]
    ##   0 73903.97 62554.72
    ##   1 93960.57 54578.80
    ## 
    ##    NumOfProducts
    ## Y             1           2           3           4
    ##   0 0.460429448 0.533742331 0.005828221 0.000000000
    ##   1 0.579754601 0.229754601 0.141411043 0.049079755
    ## 
    ##    HasCrCard
    ## Y           0         1
    ##   0 0.2981595 0.7018405
    ##   1 0.4070552 0.5929448
    ## 
    ##    IsActiveMember
    ## Y           0         1
    ##   0 0.4460123 0.5539877
    ##   1 0.5625767 0.4374233
    ## 
    ##    EstimatedSalary
    ## Y        [,1]     [,2]
    ##   0  98281.92 57980.67
    ##   1 100533.71 55111.33

From the result, we can infer that, given the customer is from Germany,
there are 38.15% chances of them churning or given the customer is a
female, there are 52.68% chances of churning. Similarly, attrition can
be deduced for the other features using the conditional probabilities of
the Naïve Bayes Model.

    ## Confusion Matrix for Training Dataset:

    ## Confusion Matrix and Statistics
    ## 
    ##            Reference
    ## Prediction  Churn Not Churn
    ##   Churn      2422       795
    ##   Not Churn   838      2465
    ##                                              
    ##                Accuracy : 0.7495             
    ##                  95% CI : (0.7388, 0.76)     
    ##     No Information Rate : 0.5                
    ##     P-Value [Acc > NIR] : <0.0000000000000002
    ##                                              
    ##                   Kappa : 0.4991             
    ##                                              
    ##  Mcnemar's Test P-Value : 0.2986             
    ##                                              
    ##             Sensitivity : 0.7429             
    ##             Specificity : 0.7561             
    ##          Pos Pred Value : 0.7529             
    ##          Neg Pred Value : 0.7463             
    ##              Prevalence : 0.5000             
    ##          Detection Rate : 0.3715             
    ##    Detection Prevalence : 0.4934             
    ##       Balanced Accuracy : 0.7495             
    ##                                              
    ##        'Positive' Class : Churn              
    ## 

    ## Confusion Matrix for Validation Dataset:

    ## Confusion Matrix and Statistics
    ## 
    ##            Reference
    ## Prediction  Churn Not Churn
    ##   Churn       288       378
    ##   Not Churn   119      1214
    ##                                              
    ##                Accuracy : 0.7514             
    ##                  95% CI : (0.7318, 0.7702)   
    ##     No Information Rate : 0.7964             
    ##     P-Value [Acc > NIR] : 1                  
    ##                                              
    ##                   Kappa : 0.3801             
    ##                                              
    ##  Mcnemar's Test P-Value : <0.0000000000000002
    ##                                              
    ##             Sensitivity : 0.7076             
    ##             Specificity : 0.7626             
    ##          Pos Pred Value : 0.4324             
    ##          Neg Pred Value : 0.9107             
    ##              Prevalence : 0.2036             
    ##          Detection Rate : 0.1441             
    ##    Detection Prevalence : 0.3332             
    ##       Balanced Accuracy : 0.7351             
    ##                                              
    ##        'Positive' Class : Churn              
    ## 

We can classify 288 out of 407 “Churned” cases correctly and 1214 out of
1592 “Not Churned” cases correctly. This means the ability of Naïve
Bayes to predict “Churned” cases is about 70.76% and “Not Churned” cases
is about 76.26% resulting in overall accuracy of 75.14%. The AUC for
Naïve Bayes model is 0.8214.
![](data:image/png;base64,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)

    ## Area under the curve: 0.8214

K-Nearest Neighbors
-------------------

K-Nearest neighbor (KNN) classifies a new data point into the target
class, depending of the features of its neighboring data points. It is
one of the most simple machine learning algorithms. Determining the
value of k, that is, choosing the number of nearest neighbors plays a
significant role in determining the efficacy of the model. It determines
how well the data can be utilized to generalize the results of the kNN
algorithm. A large k value reduces the variance due to the noisy data
but it maby also develop a bias. So, it is better to choose an optimal
value of k. Based on the accuracy of the optimal model using the largest
value, the value of the number of nearest neighbors was chosen to be 17.

    ## k-Nearest Neighbors 
    ## 
    ## 6520 samples
    ##   10 predictor
    ##    2 classes: '0', '1' 
    ## 
    ## Pre-processing: centered (10), scaled (10) 
    ## Resampling: Bootstrapped (25 reps) 
    ## Summary of sample sizes: 6520, 6520, 6520, 6520, 6520, 6520, ... 
    ## Resampling results across tuning parameters:
    ## 
    ##   k   Accuracy   Kappa    
    ##    5  0.7121002  0.4240904
    ##    7  0.7148006  0.4294965
    ##    9  0.7179030  0.4357032
    ##   11  0.7216231  0.4431647
    ##   13  0.7239159  0.4477772
    ##   15  0.7279531  0.4558557
    ##   17  0.7298403  0.4596243
    ## 
    ## Accuracy was used to select the optimal model using the largest value.
    ## The final value used for the model was k = 17.

    ## Confusion Matrix for Training Dataset:

    ## Confusion Matrix and Statistics
    ## 
    ##            Reference
    ## Prediction  Churn Not Churn
    ##   Churn      2461       646
    ##   Not Churn   799      2614
    ##                                                
    ##                Accuracy : 0.7784               
    ##                  95% CI : (0.7681, 0.7884)     
    ##     No Information Rate : 0.5                  
    ##     P-Value [Acc > NIR] : < 0.00000000000000022
    ##                                                
    ##                   Kappa : 0.5567               
    ##                                                
    ##  Mcnemar's Test P-Value : 0.00006371           
    ##                                                
    ##             Sensitivity : 0.7549               
    ##             Specificity : 0.8018               
    ##          Pos Pred Value : 0.7921               
    ##          Neg Pred Value : 0.7659               
    ##              Prevalence : 0.5000               
    ##          Detection Rate : 0.3775               
    ##    Detection Prevalence : 0.4765               
    ##       Balanced Accuracy : 0.7784               
    ##                                                
    ##        'Positive' Class : Churn                
    ## 

    ## Confusion Matrix for Validation Dataset:

    ## Confusion Matrix and Statistics
    ## 
    ##            Reference
    ## Prediction  Churn Not Churn
    ##   Churn       313       471
    ##   Not Churn    94      1121
    ##                                              
    ##                Accuracy : 0.7174             
    ##                  95% CI : (0.6971, 0.737)    
    ##     No Information Rate : 0.7964             
    ##     P-Value [Acc > NIR] : 1                  
    ##                                              
    ##                   Kappa : 0.3519             
    ##                                              
    ##  Mcnemar's Test P-Value : <0.0000000000000002
    ##                                              
    ##             Sensitivity : 0.7690             
    ##             Specificity : 0.7041             
    ##          Pos Pred Value : 0.3992             
    ##          Neg Pred Value : 0.9226             
    ##              Prevalence : 0.2036             
    ##          Detection Rate : 0.1566             
    ##    Detection Prevalence : 0.3922             
    ##       Balanced Accuracy : 0.7366             
    ##                                              
    ##        'Positive' Class : Churn              
    ## 

KNN classified 313 out of 407 “Churned” cases correctly and 1121 out of
1592 “Not Churned” cases correctly. So, the ability of k-Nearest
Neighbors to predict “Churned” cases is about 76.9% and “Not Churned”
cases are about 70.41% resulting in overall accuracy of 71.75%. The AUC
for k-Nearest Neighbors model is 0.8176

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

    ## Area under the curve: 0.8176

**IMPORTANCE OF PREDICTORS**
============================

![](data:image/png;base64,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)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![](data:image/png;base64,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)
As it can be seen from the plots for important predictors in Logistic
Regression model, Random Forest model and xGB model, the top 6 most
important variables (age, numOfPoducts2, Balance, Tenure,
numOfProducts3, isActiveMember1, GeographyGermany) for each of the model
are close to each other. However, for Random Forest model, Balance and
Tenure appear to be quite important compared to Logistic Regression
model and xGB model. As for the rest of the predictors, **age**,
**numOfPoducts2**, **numOfProducts3**, **isActiveMember1**,
**GeographyGermany** constitute a set of variables of high importance.
In other words, it can be said that, these predictors are very useful in
predicting customer’s churning behavior for this given dataset.

**COMPARISON OF MODELS**
========================

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAqAAAAHgCAMAAABNUi8GAAABYlBMVEUAAAAAADoAAGYAOjoAOmYAOpAAZpAAZrYui1c6AAA6ADo6AGY6OgA6OmY6OpA6ZmY6ZpA6ZrY6kJA6kLY6kNtNTU1NTW5NTY5NbqtNjshmAABmADpmAGZmOgBmOjpmOmZmOpBmZgBmZjpmZmZmZrZmkJBmkLZmkNtmtpBmtttmtv9oIotuTU1uTW5uTY5ubqtuq+SLY2yOTU2OTW6OTY6OyP+O5e6QOgCQOjqQOmaQZgCQZjqQZmaQZpCQkDqQkGaQkLaQtpCQttuQ27aQ29uQ2/+rbk2rbm6rbo6ryKur5P+2ZgC2Zjq2kDq2kGa2tma2tpC2ttu225C229u22/+2/9u2///Ijk3I///NMzPbkDrbkGbbkJDbtmbbtpDb25Db27bb29vb2//b/7bb/9vb///kq27k///r6+v/gqv/tmb/wSX/yI7/25D/27b/29v/5Kv//7b//8j//9v//+T///93IeUMAAAACXBIWXMAAA7DAAAOwwHHb6hkAAAgAElEQVR4nO2djX8bxZnHFYNrKWkptDKE0PTactde7QIxYDtt745LOQca0WuPUjsWx/V64CSSIprY2f//5pn32Z1Z7a52pHm0z+8DkbSa/Wmi+eaZF+2z08tIpITVW3cFSKQyEaCkpEWAkpIWAUpKWgQoKWkRoKSkRYCSkhYBSkpaywB69Z/f7fVe+mWzc4+3L+qd8Vmvt8NPGfeEvveFVYufXyyskzZoq07l5fm78384bfBXJRktAeh8IEB5rcnJtVttyj5phz9TgPa2Ttmrb2+LFy9/saBOxqCtOlUAdLxFgC6n5oA+v9V77f+y7K+3e3st1ieoqf6YMQczu/qsNwQMeq8yNL/9bQ8oKKvTtPV6ViCPAF1WzQEdAx8ZBC34/iGQQRCbD4ZfDa79IpsOeq9eMGCG7MnLJ1DuK9b3sjdYe+2Me1t/hla7+i07xLtjdTprzD99lxeTUm+MVMTUgIK5qYV44tYpYCDOf35rx1snuyoX/J3Mqmfm/k2gxFeD3rWfQynrTOn2zTH70CEr9vVtfoL75eRtST41BvTqWHKS/Y39P+Vd67UT1gbfZ0+v3RvwDvX5LXgFx1XHvMdOfGnQY223fXF1LA+Z0+UhHez0G0VA/z5iNJpaPL8FhnadQgbzAbhDQPXUya6KAtTUU3y+OQs6cfFqx/lLSDcF6Mu3xQnul5OzJXnVGFAegZTYd/1LaLntCzYI/GX2FWsWHsVYl7tzcfUH3hpbPL7ydhmK6DMfvHahDsnT2bMdaPSdvK/dxVtjUKsWo61Tp05BA0EeK+6rk10VBaiupzzdnAV/w2u/y7497uX+EkNnDAof/2UPjOwvx7Ul+dUOoPJrHl074c8gmsnm413tiIeuv/3pXwYC1VMF6Ev/9Gf3dPGm9jZvFAG99tpFthBQvwF7JYt66mSqYgCV9VTSZ21fTPmgAs7K/yUsQNXfyf1yCrYkj9oClDf+FAAdqvdGACgvNOZ9v+wKVcOzP6HbhTmOOd0a+Lm++UnSVwMYxVUA1GMAdeSvPHXyVkXVU51unQV/NYVx/kxnFi+K2F9OzpbkVQtj0C9f/WIxoKyz//6//9fXtxxAs/+5zXvqBoCy16Kkfwz6pWx3rwF8yIiPD4p18ldF1lN+kH3WMoA6tiS/lp/FP78FhJku3gVUUSSaT43crCWa//1Nb8/Xr3L5e2jRpCP++f5ZPNQpbMD+wXwMNfTVyTph5Iw2oJ7S0j7L38VXBNS2JfnVxjro0JkkuYD2figmSaz5LmAdxkw+oHF/yEZjf4AWLc5MuPyTJAGfgDC0DjosMWCVeVv08MU6WSeMer+A83cyXU95sn2Wf5JkAHWWA9wvx7Ul+dXCL0nwfVvLTC6gLw1EL6bWj3IwiEO+tR0h/UYRUDnXf+79JUmPRX0GUBkJd6FOzglge1uvB8mYlzvLu8xkABXroF5AXVuSX8v8Fv/tbwf6d++5Wah3x6CwKA3s8FXs3/HFHd18fKUaJuP69Dyg+g0PoKyB4ZD7W7xdp5CBYttbJ3NC9iWr+jd6of41Z+nfnAUL9f/M/8L5vwT7k/3z2fkm1MW7tiSv4l7NVJxWb6b4j1qkGCJAl9N88B0WCkc004klAnQ50UAysgjQJUUDybiiK+pJSYsAJSUtApSUtAhQUtIiQElJiwAlJa0WAX0SrzRZL2WNWQRoB6wxiwDtgDVmEaAdsMYsArQD1phFgHbAGrMI0A5YYxYB2gFrzCJAO2CNWQRoB6wxiwDtgDVmEaAdsMYsArQD1phFgHbAGrMI0A5YY1YpoM/efcgfL9/fvflYP4SUTHuQ9QapDNCnu29wQF/cP8wevakegkqmPch6g1QC6NnrvxcR9PLDhxBM5UOwfDLtgdZ6skBHWgQol8Tx2XuPs8sPHsgH+d4TUqs6t/lbqP39gkF0VNajKoA+vcnJlA/B0inFIgTWNXD0AVqr2ojVOIIWtYkUtWo9M2rI5cG+Vq1qI1YVQGkM2oL1bFYcSebV5zrwa99RrVpjVhVAX9y/I2bxd2gW36SwCJoFPOWBvlIAzDyanM5NHXEWtRBQ+J/WQRtaMy4BPU/k7LvKvGRmWRHNJrXGLPolKZ61hK/QqQdDpeYyK6LpduoEaAPhpCiSNe+w/ROdcjCzcNhsXGvMIkDbtD5nCs/Qy8MmWJeHzca1xiwCtAVrPgmSoHnRrOBcFc0mtcYsAnRp65nisxGYNcJm41pjFgG6lLWJnBafffmr+mLrBmg2qTVmEaBLWB8U4RRRk/NZal0Mm3Q1k1cEaGPrWYFNWNDk4nyGrANhkwD1igBtai07d5tPOKx+0PRal3XpBKhXBGgTa1hNmrnjThk8LT4d68WjTQLUKwK0nrVnDUn8Vpk51xvb1hVnQgSoVwRoxXLB5fc8npZ1rQUkAtQrArRasRI8s2LsbLKARIB6RYAuLuLMhMzSUl/17S6ctcJmxFpviAjQwPFCrDw4OOc/tc/kNXSFkecS6+6t1XrzRID6D3v41PkaHjy9YTOZLwSzCFDv0TyeMy+dnM9w2EzmC8EsAtR30B1sHgTwXDTaTOYLwSwCtHjoIM8nG3rCcZOgUW20mcwXglkEaP5AYbYu6FR81pikJ/OFYBYBmnkXOXW/Luj0wjkpd07nC8EsAtS3/D5bROdkEZyxa13LGrM6D6iXTr7iyeksLCPlfs5cU60J0AZKpj3qA6oz12YOnYpPh85I9SBA/SJArfnQTPEp3+O3XGi+9p7MF4JZ3QbUTNgzlfym6eRDz4lNZ92KJPOFYFanATUrSnol3llTKi4lpVDr+taY1U1AcytKBz48vQudBOiq1UlAHTgNn+fWqlJgHZ4AXbW6Bmh+OR7wFLesMXjas/Y0ar2kNWZ1DNDi5UlPFJ7ApzMv8q0oEaCrVrcALfLJClt42kue6dR6aWvM6hKgsleX60nyIMA5yf9e1E5FkvlCMKszgOam7PKoRWcFPAnQ1asjgNqzovLo2WJFkvlCMKsTgB5YeOb4PJcbGVShs25FkvlCMKsLgOaXPMVREz0r40mArl4bDqi15Gk20oI3rN69Op4E6Oq1sYDmLvLUeE7yqsMnAbpybSqguR+MJJ+F/YRr9O6rqHUka8xqDOgaNgSuodyP7U+eiF+N8nzK23utu7atqE0qEtKGRlCFpjpkde3n5/ns4VgVSeYLwazNBNS6DJnL8GnRWR9PAnT12jxArb5dHTLhs4hnIrUmQAPaOEDtiZFUvmsHPHX4TKPWca0xa8MAtZaVtIp9u927p1Dr2NaYtVmAFoJnJvnsB/BMotbRrTFrowB1+HRWO+1bJrqTo/XXOr41Zm0SoAdybgSlJ0U+Zall8jQJ0JVrgwA9kIDmfy6y6SwuLa271quwxqzNANRsSmjRmZk7euqCSyYSE6Ar10YAavYktPFUdOpbhXhX5pOhiAD1agMAPSjwCUer4ZkQRQSoV/gBFb+5TzSfUFqvKs1MucAPm8lQRIB6hR5QwJNhyfkURwydJrsj/Lt7MhQRoF5hB1TyOdE/Hjl4Kj5LLgtJhiIC1CvUgIrRp+QTANV0ns8q8pkORQSoV5gBdfA86rux0/BZflVdMhQRoF4hBjTAZ1YHz4QoIkC9wguouOBT4qn4NKmbFflMhyIC1CucgB64o0/BJ7xh7x6TVbpmPhmKCFCvUAJ6YK3N+/iUgFZK6UiGIgLUK8SA2nRyPhWedfhMhyIC1CuEgFo/HdnR0/DJS1fNiEuGIgLUK3yA2j9t2pcqmfj5pE7CZjIUEaBeoQPU6t0n9oV0eo84VrrSnRSb1IMAXblwAZobfNpFrD3iauW7J0MRAeoVJkBzk3e7gDV7r3k7hmQoIkC9QgSozeeknw+fks+4N7MhQFcuPIDKey0VR59Zdq5X5+vfzSYZighQr1ABmnn5PNe/bDa5m00yFBGgXiEDVF437+VTR0+cFBGgXuED1OXzvMgnUooIUK/QAKpHoBNrcf5c8JktcTebZCgiQL1CAqh17ZKPT3duhJMiAtQrFIA619ZpPs/PVf++zN1skqGIAPUKA6BePsUWsMDncnezSYYiAtQrBIBqPjMfn56VT5wUEaBepQ+ow+eR4FPuoO3nEylFBKhXyQOq8FS5cXBMbfDuxRMrRQSoVxgADfEZ+l0TJ0UEqFepA6r798zp3+GxnbvZJEMRAeoVAkA1n0d6fpQpPGe+c3BSRIB6VQLo5fu7Nx/Dk0e7oEP++MbDYPkY7SH7d7E1l7wCFACVeHr5REoRAepVGNAX9xmSb6pXTxmrZ4elVhHaQ92N9onDp5q7B/hEShEB6lUY0MsPH2bP3pUB8/KDB9mLTx6UWrXfHvpuyU9MggfjU+EZ4BMpRQSoV2FAn733mHPJBaGUdfnQ0UvF375Xzt6fyL2LxcHzc41n/BqgUmxS1qQwoNCpK0D547N3yqNoywGD88m3PHL697bvZpNMmKMI6lW1CPpUzJaYzg6DJ7TbHvpm83aG3HnJ3L1hRZKhiAD1qtoY9OyOOnp2GDyh1faQg083wbh8btSsIslQFM163BuyP+fXT7zvwvFvvwi+vXaVzeLvqFm86NghjL74dCXLTJMcn6JwRT5RUhTP+ur47a3TMKCZeAshoHIdFIKo7Okf7e6+XjKRb689OJ1wBb28+RIvvGju3rAiaVAU0Xq69flgbyMBrauW2kNGT5Xhwa+ve2LwXMwnRooiWo+2vzneERQ+v9W7du/GKQuqvR4cuvFvva3Pr98b9HrD+fWPer3eHismXg7gRQYP7PHqeFjrr9Km0gJU7xN3oJOM+e/vT6qHz7oVSYOieNbPbw2zMevjGaDw9PmtrdMrBiz8Px8IcHkEHWxfQDnx2JMvIKzOIf6uT0kBmudTAVp18NmkIklQFNF6CnAOIDSewFPgjj9OAcY9C1D5nD+qFyzarlsJAqru0aAuEKnTu9evSBIURbQe7WQiXF4/GbO4yPr10yl/FGBqQK3n+kU24kOBtSolQNXKZ2bi55GKn+fV+URIUTxrNuwE8e66PqD8/K21htHEAOWPdgcv+BTpR1EqkgJFEa3HHC/WZ6sunv0xvXYiuvgKgAKiNAaVygXQTHfw5wRow8LQuYsH3yRJcggIegGdLlhAXYUSBrQPv3BafBKg9QurKfj42j25zPTRlllmMkPNHX8EnbLRAQu3tMwk5AFUDT/r8ImOoujWtvgAFJHSBbQvAZ3V5RMpRfEBnfJguO5peU0lBKiaxB/oHzkB0Pp8IqVoBRF03Fv/slFdpQUofyzymU5T47TGrHQA9QRQMT9a3rq1wkitMSsZQN1VejU/kinwyTQ1TmvMSglQ8URt5GHxmU5T47TGrCQAVdcng3x8ptPUOK0xKwVAbT4VoA6f6TQ1TmvMSgdQ8Vxu1QXrn4bPdJoapzVmJQKofq47+Nk5AdqWNWatH1ArfDJpPjOLz3SaGqc1Zq0dUJvPAz0AnWXnBGhr1piVBKDy6YEegOb4TKepcVpjVgqAqkM6gOb5TKepcVpj1roBzQVQ/hPSzB2ANrWOUBipNWYlAKg6on6D35/NzgnQNq0xKy1A+34+02lqnNZB8Rsz9PI5Rybb2JN3DFfjM63ssuc1A+qZwhc7+ISaGqd1UBzA2llxK02XdwEds39O46b/OBq0h4fPo8IMqZl1lMIYrfcLMu8J1OavXKj0Ysha4vdrmEKqMn9fvDN/5Tc61PKz5t+7vXVqzoqWm+wAOtr++tZe46SAZoCq1yaAFvlMpKlxWi8G9PlbJ9lomI0h13Mvm27/9cbp8x+dwmt4n70z3b6YD4Y6nUkACul44iz1EEU2oCzWQ7ifNvzXsBSgwOd+oINPpalxWi8G9OruCTDKoJQRlQH61ol8H1Blr+Ad1bULQG/w43CWfKhT/+paK6D2NXaCT28Hn0pTo7UOSkdQfgMS1rm/ciGPsunTtRN4Bi8YwX5AxVnyoZ0q5eV08WPo4iG9v5Fqt0eOz/0gn+k0NU7roARyrOuWAVBH0EwcXhRBxVnRoifInSRBon6vaZJ+zfYwF9kd5ALo0tbRCiO1DsrM4sVIE8ag8xufi9s3CUDVGNQHqHxPPUTR2paZcnz2RQD1zZBqW+OkaL3roHz6bs3iR/lZvBdQ+6x2alRQbgwKDysZg07c/l3wKQBd1hopRfRLkldrBFQ84b/A90WacYjPdJoapzVmGUDHPaUVrIPK+ClGnweL+EynqXFaY5YngjZVjS/N3ElZ9O/Bn5DqW9ct3QVrzFrPJMkOoP2+DJ+BCVJN67qlu2CNWQ6gYlLX9HfV6l8a3yNW8Nnv6/492MEn1NQ4rTHLBvTqeHh1vFexo19mY16xh3Ff8OkE0JZ2/u2iIgGybuXHoEusuVb+isQW8H0rgGZZaQBNJxbhtMasPKDjnfjLTHwA+sTs1SX4nIX5TKepcVpjlnu5Haez6QWhdQAV03d4IbbaLg+g6TQ1TmvMcgCFm+WPGv9qVfVLU1vJHfTZi/0qATSdpsZpjVlrWGbSfPYFn0ecz1kJn+k0NU5rzPIB+t9xx6Ac0Kyf55MAjWaNWRagcmNG2OqpkVXFL21iAOVXiMj+vYzPdJoapzVmWb/FwxZkQ7gktOEPntUBFXz29zWgC/hMp6lxWi8SnxaPhpWyNafeizWujvcKZ8urn72ZzabIog/VgPLdxKbbf2ie8VztS+MBNDMB9Ghh/17ZulHpLlgv1GgPUjurADrlG9UVrmmHK53zsi7PD22nWOETNaD8BySGe/NN7yoDqgOo4rN0glTdulHpjbfuF2S9KROG5698cxdSi7Y+N8nEV3c/6vWGU55hofOKBYgAMxSE6LjH33359l4+RVlZA4NXd08yN0WZpzXzT2RBVKY0g8+P8yTnAV1iU8ZKX1p+BFqJz0SaGqd1KaAqYXj89lB0uCaZmG83O9CpxyKvWIc8KAjZnCoppLdnyskUZTuCvnLhpoeYtGb+oeatwhpnDtBldratCqj8CX6/NMmjgXWz0htvXQaoThjmYMoRoTwIUY9HvrdOTF6xSPvMDKmQdfyjUzkGtZKX9ehSjEEFkmAlH3Rasywo0/PgA12tGNCJBvRJeZJHfeuGpbtgHZRKGL66e4+RpwAVB21AdV6xzkgW9PHMJZE+xwGVycsOoLyLF3Momb4MrnZasyrPqpACoAeih3+yr6+ib8e6YekuWAelEoanO9C/KkDFQRtQnVcsxqAyDZnvM3/DjqAmedkFlPHrRlD+oXwUUCOC6pSPeOugE2uKVIPPdJoap3VYZkRoWFEpyAZQ6xo3Pkic6igptpu3x6AmRdkC1PIQDyat2QC6YAy6vKoBeqCmSJX792rWTUt3wTosnjAslo3G298cw5xaZRHbgFp5xTCmlGnIkMbGpu9wR0YzixcdN/x/dcxn8Wod1J3Fi7TmK/6JClD21nfCEXR5Lf7SJvYUCQCtyGc6TY3TGo+KC6OrBHSSC6BH1fr3KtbNS3fBGofg1rjFK+lWDKjks5/JAWhb1s1Ld8Eas9YDqNgPvnIATaepcVpj1goBtXr4o3oBNJ2mxmmNWSu8BTikIplEzv3ZbNaa9RKlu2CNWau7BbjK9JA9PAG6OmvMWt0dlq0Aqrbrast6mdJdsMasdQCq7tTQmvUypbtgjVkruwW46eGPjuoG0HSaGqc1Zq3qFuATHUDVhvAE6MqsMWtVy0zqdouKTwJ0hdaYtSJAJw6gdflMp6lxWmOWO0laIuFjIaCZBvQcAMXZ1DitMcudJIUTRCuo5EtTI1Cx2+E+Abpa66DM9cE856NKlqVK5HCLF5+Nlrpbt1G+ix813zOsHNBM340eNuebIW1qnNZB2YDqFMxyKUBDxWMDCtatr4PqANrXPTzSpkZofV6QeY8BenW8LbY//OOO3t9QXWi85+xprDOFT4vF5bOXf3wyv/FT3g2P3rYuU+Y2df5+Rp4I2tSqFFDrft8E6EqtFwA6EvMORthoz0oxlinFVhqytQFysbjJ2NA5xM4+dYPG8dT9LX6pPUFLAdUDUDkExdjUOK3LAf2unBdD0tpPLkzqMByTGcTWnsaZdb8Qp7jJedMJRntWqlylm+r4tYptaNSPSEca0BnKpkZrHdTV8Q9+csHvGgcIjYcmddhKKVZHdKZwJjC1i5usYQXoZycyF1kdbKgVrIPm+JyJHctxNjVO66AYO2PdxUN2vE4dlinFVhoyyLlfiF3cG0FhR472Iii/UiRK2rEcgcIlTP3sfEaArtw6KJgk3TU9N5+bW6nD10+sNGRrA2R/cTkGVYCagel2pduSBbSaCGoDuk+Arto6KH6PD+v+CuMtlTosU4rn1p7GOlP4tFjcZA1rQN9WGyFvmX2SGyj6ZrKTiQWoCaBImxqn9cq0BIghxQZ0ogE9IkDXZb0S+bOGl1bs3Y71trGCTwJ0HdaYVbLMdPn+7s3H/Nmj3d3dNx5aB7wKAZopPvuSTwJ0xdaYFZ4kvbh/mD16kz89O8wd8Mr3penL7MQMyQRQpE2N0xqzwstMlx8+zJ69+5A9e/HJA/eAXwFAxa7GIoASoGuxxqxwBH323uPs8gNAk3Xtu7uH1gFQtS14+b7GB7qHF4DG3fW3q1oJLqtXGNCnNxWPz955AFHUHPCrLILafFIEXbU1ZjmAim5erjK5AZONQ3MHCvJ8aRMX0Jnp4ZE2NU5rzMrvdjzeOhX7OeSHnGeHDcagOtMDrrIjQNdljVm5ZSa4741cqH9x/46ctEPf/uLTh+aAXyFA5RDU7eGRNjVOa8wq3FlkqH9JEsueEDMf7e6+/iBrsA5qAZoLoEibGqc1ZtmAXh0P4Sb2o/Z+SXIAnRGga7LGLGcMOh/0duBa/WZWxS/N/pmTA5oRoOuwxqyol9vJOdKRHUAJ0NVbB+W9+shJIbZLiA07ql9K1Mq1TfEBtUagVgBF2tQ4rYNagFDubXkRaOPtsBupcIflNm8eBoD2rQBKgK7B+qgg854i0OxhxBOHT53NiPUuSebSZrd8PjVZPVhZyXI/4wZy7ywiPrW12y8yQPsc0EwEUAJ0DdZVAB3Z2w3L/CK9GTFsf8j3mTMRVO5+rBKN86nJVoaySjvWW9XVVdQLlkW2nLxQWQRQAnTV1hUAtfbRFGlvhc2IRWm5cbFORDZpcm5qsjndSpprOCKNCehEAyr4tAMoxqZGax2UhEYlB1uJw/ZmxPYW3FOZaMRzjU15NzXZOd1O9WygiF28lW4sOngCdE3WQYUiKBx09no1pXminL6xgwbUSU02p7cbQVueJKl7KhOg67YOKjQGdTYjhjGoSDMWW7/vFMvnUpOtDGVn/+MmVYy4zGQly+kpEgG6DuugxKhyx5qVy8RhezPi/CyeTXjkEVPeTU2WD+69xVIGtDiHx9rUOK1rqC5GERKNXVmALnFjO67cl5YbghKg67OuqLqJw5ESjV0ZQOE3+PEyhBYBPZD3a5gVh6BImxqnNWZpQGEoLP5oKi+g/SMN6D4BuiZrzLKzOvkFd82tgoD6AijSpsZpjVmxAbV2PSRA12WNWZEB7Vu7chKg67LGrKiAinvSz2b8ptP7BOi6rDHLAlTfPKyV3+InHNDMATRcupZ1q6W7YI1ZsRbq+SqoApQfIUDXZo1ZkQAVq/Q2oPsE6NqsMSseoLDGlB3ZgAZL17JuuXQXrDErPqDeRSasTY3TGrNWASg/QoCuzxqz4gA6sX/n9C0yYW1qnNZBhTctNiV6S22BvbQKFyzvNU4rdQHVAVTsvJfnE2lT47QOavEex+JK5euxr1kKy7273fbX4v5hjeQH9JwAXa/1rCDzntm0WG5ufONzkWek78IprqK/eyILwA6yr1y4OcZxVbh52F4bSXMC0IwATcC6HFC5abHa3PjGX4DFVy5kXrGKoIxJUWA6zNh/To5xZEUBVA5Bs5kGtDAExdjUOK0XACo2LYYXYtPiMYNvaLY81qnGogAr/dmJm2McWW5WJ3TxLWR1WnvLHQUCKMamRmsdlN602GxuPH/lG97D96w8JH6ZMC9wdffjn1zkcozjyp0kTdvJ6rQupg/18EibGqd1UGbTYr25MXvJOvQfufP60Z4skI3fHnpyjCMqyjJThTkS0qbGaR2U3rTY2tx4DBFqpG5VI1I2ZWY7m8zzCb2TY9xOTYKKCKjbwxOg67MOymxabDY35giqTGOzDioKZFe/LuQYx5U7SWrpcjtzMX1wCIq0qXFat6j5ayv+wGIEbTw501/axMr2IEATsG5P4/izopw8XXzTcYUNqLxjg1rSIEDXao1ZPkCX7eItQINDUKRNjdMaszyANt1FQX1pEx+gwdK1rCOU7oI1ZnkmSdWGGeFdTa0NZGfiCG0guwJFAmTdirDMJAMoB5Qf8PXwSGMRTmvMcjfyWuq6vxygs7JFJqxNjdMaszy3AG8qD6DiAAG6ZmvMyl0ssswPVzlAjwjQVKwxK8IvSQzQmbwvKH/tHYIibWqc1pgVZ5Ik50jitZdPpE2N0xqz3HszLSX5pVkJc+IAAbpua8yKAuiMAE3KGrPiA+ofgiJtapzWQZXsXxxacxSnhC9qb3tXhZUAWlK6lnWM0l2wDqpk/+IgoAsAjAhoS7dflICeE6BpWE8KMu+Z/Ytl2rHclRi2Mb69Jzc5urr7EQuZUxk23Q2SCzsd63zlthQtghKgiVgvBpRFUJV2PDBbyEEWPH8FN0qYD3YsmkFqG+P8TscouvgDa50+MATF2NQ4rUsBtZKKZdqx2qOYdfFyo024bQP8L65k56fsZNYmnG4WcvKAWpfT89cBPjE2NVrroPT+xSbtWO1RnI325FbFOUDdDZILOx1jADRbvEyPtalxWgdl9i/WaccLI6izQXJxp+NogC4vAjRV66D0/sVW2rHao9iMQX2AWtsYu1nI2AANDUGRNjVO66DM/sVW2jF03sfOLN4HqNnG2M1CvjqONItfXiFAy0rXso5SugvWmIxFM3YAAAqdSURBVEWAdsAas2IAWmUSj7SpcVpjVjxA+avgEBRpU+O0xqy2ARXLoIsDKNKmxmmNWREAzV1NX1a6lnWc0l2wxqxogPJD4R4eaVPjtMaslgGdFAAtK13LOlLpLlhjVvuAVlpkwtrUOK0xiwDtgDVmRQW0ZAiKtKlxWmNW+4AeOICWlq5lHal0F6wxKwqgRwRoUtaYFQtQfoQATcMas2ICWjYERdrUOK3DgqvhK1weZ7bzgm0RC+84BwawO+IoZ2pdh19TMQCt0sMjbWqc1kHxNIoKt4yTyXVD9Uf+HfvA9Vcvsuc/vuEFtIEiAcoPEKApWB8UZN5ztumCVI9/g0uP5YPJLJap6HOxE7I8zq9T/viWTjXmGchg+bOTbP62zmQWlzPPb/xU7KZ8amU2V7qymQDddOsyQK+ORfRUgN7avphuqQcrs1gEwCuxE7JMM4Yef7r91xt2OW71x73sy3t6A2VZbKAyRKzM5kpbJUcEtHQIirGpcVqXAcrvtiBTMedix06+Wbx4MHlxsofmOyGrNGOdJm+V4wc+f+3q15/bGyhn+l+AlZen91NeoAiAVhqCYmxqtNblMslyPOtotCcfrMxiBR/shKzSjMVsSSIny/EDf/nXr//R2kBZFcsBeqvidh1xAOWvCdBUrIOa8k52tGcBCqFTPhQiKIuMDDcZ+IIR9PSzj4ZzewPlzAdolegJahfQCQGaonVQfBbP4AIkxzD43IHxoXywMovVJBw24870HXEAwM/NGFQDOoVJkdpA2RRzADX7KS9Q64AuvOeNKV3LOlbpLliHBT0tdLTjXu8HcPean/FZvHiwMotVLjHfCVmlGfMHeMfKQM4sDOX+yHIWnwdU76e8QK0CqgJoH16W84m0qXFaV5W8vVLj7YRjqG1ADwjQ9KyrChmgl+/v3nzMnz371e7uYZY92t3dfeNhsLwL6IIeHmlT47TGrDCgL+4fZo/ehGeXHzzInr3zIDs7LLV6kl8FXVC6hpJpapzWmBUG9PLDh9mzdyFgPgVMzw5ffPKg1OpJjVVQrE2N0xqzwoA+e+8xj51C7Bnr8nlPL+TbcFfNkeA57XC8YkUGZV0KA/r0pgXoi/t3eC9fFkV1BK0yBEUai3BaY1a1CHr5/h159OwweEIe0PIPxtnUOK0xq8oYlM3iD9XRs8NAcQI0XWvMKpvF35GzeMkn9PkvPl2wzHREgKZnjVkL10FZEIX1T5gescfXSybyCtB+v8IQFGlT47TGrLZ/STKALixdyzpa6S5YY1YMQDMCNC1rzGoZ0MpDUKRNjdMas9oHtNoQFGlT47TGrGiALi5dyzpa6S5YYxYB2gFrzGoX0CMCNEVrzGod0D4DtMIQFGlT47TGrDYBnViALi5dy7peRch6cxQB0Eo9PNKmxmmNWQRoB6wxKwagVYagSJsapzVmRQK0Qula1vUqQtabIwK0A9aYFQHQSj080qbGaY1ZrQJ6pACtUrqWdb2KkPXmqG1A+wRoetaYRYB2wBqz2ge02hAUaVPjtMasKIBWKl3Lul5FyHpzRIB2wBqzCNAOWGNW64BWHIIibWqc1pgVA9BqpWtZ16sIWW+OCNAOWGMWAdoBa8xqG9CqQ1CkTY3TGrMiAFqxdC3rehUh681Ri4BOCNBErTGrTUCPCNA0rTGrZUArD0GRNjVOa8xqH9CKpXE2NU5rzCJAO2CNWQRoB6wxq3VAq5bG2dQ4rTGLAO2ANWYRoB2wxiwCtAPWmNU2oJVL42xqnNaYRYB2wBqzGgNa3G6XA7r6XX5JQm1SkZAognbAGrNaBrRfuTTOpsZpjVktAgoXM1UvjbOpcVpjVruAVu/hkTY1TmvMIkA7YI1ZBGgHrDGLAO2ANWYRoB2wxqx2Aa1RGmdT47TGLAK0A9aYRYB2wBqzCNAOWGMWAdoBa8xqD9AJAZqqNWYRoB2wxiwCtAPWmEWAdsAaswjQDlhjFgHaAWvMIkA7YI1ZBGgHrDGLAO2ANWYRoB2wxiwCtAPWmEWAdsAas9oDtF7WMdKmxmmNWa0CWiPjA2lT47TGLAK0A9aYRYB2wBqzWgW0X6M4zqbGaY1ZBGgHrDGrVUDrFMfZ1DitMYsA7YA1ZhGgHbDGLAK0A9aYRYB2wBqzCNAOWGMWAdoBa8wiQDtgjVkEaAesMYsA7YA1ZhGgHbDGrBJAL9/fvfnYfmYO+ESAJmuNWWFAX9w/zB69aT0zB7wiQJO1xqwwoJcfPsyevfvQPDMHvCJAk7XGrDCgz957nF1+8MA8MwdA697cl5TTSnBZvcKAPr2peJTPzAG/kgkYZL1BahxBi0qmPch6g9TeGDSd9iDrDVLZLP6OnsXfEbP4O2Wz+HTag6w3SAvXQSFmVloHTac9yHqD1OI2NMm0B1lvkAjQDlhjFgHaAWvMIkA7YI1ZBGgHrDGLAO2ANWYRoB2wxiwCtAPWmEWAdsAaswjQDlhjFgHaAWvMIkA7YI1ZLQJKIrUvApSUtAhQUtIiQElJiwAlJS0ClJS0CFBS0iJASUmLACUlrWUBrXkLvGbWz361u3uYZY92d3ffCOflN7KWnhFqDc5Q7fZqnenbErT+XaerJQGtewu8RtZwO5Nn7zzIzg7b8HWspWeMWoPgbkHiE1rRU0l66991wloS0Nq3H2li/RQa4ezwxSfh2+40tZaeMWqdiX9Z7dU6O3v998K59e86YS0JaO0bODWxBrFnrEPjPX2b1tIzUq0hvLVX60x38a1/1wlrSUBr3wKviXUm7r4DvXw78chYS884teaP7dU604C2/l0nLBwR9PL9O/Lo2WHL1twzTq2f6hnM2WEL1hlF0PpayRiUzeIP1dGzw0DxhtbCM84Y9Ez9q2obUBqDVlbtW+A1sZZ8QkB68Wkb7WGspWeMWsuOvb1aZxrQ1r/rhNXOOmj1W+A1sbZWFF9vp0MztZaeEWqtet/2ai0AjfJdpyv6JYmUtAhQUtIiQElJiwAlJS0ClJS0CFBS0sIP6NVxj2tPHZhfPykpd634Jpzw7ReB85T90DrGCpNWpE0AdOgeCALKy423Tj1vBs4xp80HexUKk1pX5wB9fmvP8+ZCQLPRToXCpNa1SYDOB7wrBn740z3RQcuQaQEKR3fUCXvshHvsyXB+/T94ERZji6dxQMUHwJ9D25kUURsEKI+NjC4GKI9xrFe+OmZYjbcvrHIjwG8ng/9VKXkC+x+KsnKe06YMZOsDMrsIKaI2AVA5ifk70CJgm98QsW0KMU526rIcO8KPsj9UKQOofPCcBuHY+gDHmRRRmwCoHoNO+Swd+BmJPnxszcBNuSkEPquUIRPKsLBYOG0+GOY+YFyc25NiaIMAfX7rmg6D8IoFS7sP9gAqSxlA2VvfCEZzp0EP73wA9e4r0gYByrmbXjtRk2zWAU+tVU8LUDg6lTMcVsoC9Plb91i/7zltBEMD6wOmnvVUUgRtEqAQ3wacH04f77IZU5IlA6iaJKlS7D8YTXKwR9Dpe06bD3b0B4iFAFOEFFEbBCgMKa99zAOiHCyKKY6kyBqrqmUmWUoMR3c4oLwv9502ZuNN+QGcYqsIKaLwA0raaBGgpKRFgJKSFgFKSloEKClpEaCkpEWAkpIWAUpKWgQoKWkRoKSk9f+yV0Cl5djA/gAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

    ##                   Algorithm  Accuracy Sensitivity Specificity    NIR       AUC
    ## 1       Logistic Regression 0.7713857   0.6953317   0.7908291 0.7964 0.8325797
    ## 2             Decision Tree 0.7768884   0.6732187   0.8033920 0.7964 0.7979355
    ## 3             Random Forest 0.7653827   0.7518428   0.7688442 0.7964 0.8379814
    ## 4    Support Vector Machine 0.7788894   0.7297297   0.7914573 0.7964 0.8394938
    ## 5 eXtreme Gradient Boosting 0.7993997   0.6314496   0.8423367 0.7964 0.8249370
    ## 6               Naive Bayes 0.7513757   0.7076167   0.7625628 0.7964 0.8214336
    ## 7        k-Nearest Neighbor 0.7173587   0.7690418   0.7041457 0.7964 0.8176401

Comparing all the models with threshold of 0.5, we see that Naïve Bayes
model has the lowest accuracy of 75.13% as compared to eXtreme Gradient
Boosting model with the accuracy of 79.93%. The model with the highest
recall or sensitivity, that is the proportion of actual “Churned” that
got predicted as "Churned’, is Random Forest model with a recall of
75.18%. Support Vector Machine model has the highest AUC of 0.839 among
all the models that were created. Considering a **threshold of 0.5**,
the No Information Rate is 0.7964. All the other models except the
eXtreme Gradient Boosting model have an accuracy lower than the No
Information Rate, so they are downright lousy. Now, if XGB model is
chosen, it has very low sensitivity. Considering all the aspects, I
would go with Random Forest model as it has a good accuracy (76.53%),
good recall (75.18%), better specificity (76.88%) and has the second
highest AUC (0.837).

**CONCLUSION**
==============

It is important to identify the attrition rate for a business, as it
tells how the business is doing. If the attrition rate is high, it
indicates that there is some problem with the organization. Once the
churning customer clusters are predicted, banks can take decisions to
provide personalized offers to retain customers and save their revenue.
From the variable importance charts, we can see that age has the highest
impact on customer attrition. Higher the age of the customer, more
likely they are to churn. Banks should come up with premium accounts and
offer preference to such customers’ needs. Another issue could be the
fees associated with the maintenance of these accounts. These customers
should feel that they are being taken care of by offering them better
customer experience. We also see that the number of products used by a
customer has a very huge impact on customer churn. People who use more
than two products are very likely to churn. This could be due to the
fees associated with the products of the return rates offered for these
products are less as compared to the competitors. Banks could implement
long term strategy to offer lower fees on entry-level products and
better rates on more profitable products, this will help to increase the
customer lifetime value and increase the loyalty. The rate of customer
churn in the customers from Germany is also very high. One reason behind
this could be limited number of physical branches of the bank in the
area or lack of in-person guidance from a valued advisors. Banks should
start examining why this could happen and the marketing team in Germany
should spend more time in retaining customers in the region.

With a better dataset, the customers prone to churning can be predicted
using the classification algorithms. As not everyone can be pleased, so
customer attrition is an unavoidable problem, but it can be addressed as
early as possible to understand what processes or factors can be
improved and looked after.

**REFERENCES**
==============

1.  [https://www.kaggle.com/mathchi/churn-for-bank-customers](https://www.kaggle.com/mathchi/churn-for-bank-customers)

2.  [https://hbr.org/2014/10/the-value-of-keeping-the-right-customers](https://hbr.org/2014/10/the-value-of-keeping-the-right-customers)

3.  [https://www.qualtrics.com/blog/customer-churn-banking/](https://www.qualtrics.com/blog/customer-churn-banking/)

4.  [https://www.hranalytics101.com/how-to-assess-model-accuracy-the-basics/](https://www.hranalytics101.com/how-to-assess-model-accuracy-the-basics/)


